Oppenheimer: 2023 | R | 180 min | Biography, Drama, History | 8.4 rating
Oppenheimer is the story of American scientist J. Robert Oppenheimer and his role in the development of the atomic bomb. 
During World War II, Lt. Gen. Leslie Groves Jr. appoints physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer to work on the top-secret Manhattan Project. Oppenheimer and a team of scientists spend years developing and designing the atomic bomb. Their work comes to fruition on July 16, 1945, as they witness the world's first nuclear explosion, forever changing the course of history.
Director: Christopher Nolan
Writers: Christopher Nolan, Kai Bird, Martin Sherwin
Stars: Cillian Murphy, Emily Blunt, Matt Damon


Mission Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part One: 2023| PG-13 | 163 min | Action, Adventure, Thriller | 7.7 rating
Ethan Hunt and his IMF team must track down a dangerous weapon before it falls into the wrong hands.
In Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part One, Ethan Hunt (Tom Cruise) and his IMF team embark on their most dangerous mission yet: To track down a terrifying new weapon that threatens all of humanity before it falls into the wrong hands. With control of the future and the fate of the world at stake, and dark forces from Ethan's past closing in, a deadly race around the globe begins. Confronted by a mysterious, all-powerful enemy, Ethan is forced to consider that nothing can matter more than his mission -- not even the lives of those he cares about most.
Director: Christopher McQuarrie
Writers: Bruce Geller,Christopher McQuarrie, Erik Jendresen
Stars: Tom Cruise, Hayley Atwell, Ving Rhames


The Flash: 2023 | PG-13 | 144 min | Action, Adventure, Fantasy | 6.7 rating
Barry Allen uses his super speed to change the past, but his attempt to save his family creates a world without super heroes, forcing him to race for his life in order to save the future.
Worlds collide in "The Flash" when Barry uses his superpowers to travel back in time in order to change the events of the past. But when his attempt to save his family inadvertently alters the future, Barry becomes trapped in a reality in which General Zod has returned, threatening annihilation, and there are no Super Heroes to turn to. That is, unless Barry can coax a very different Batman out of retirement and rescue an imprisoned Kryptonian... albeit not the one he's looking for. Ultimately, to save the world that he is in and return to the future that he knows, Barry's only hope is to race for his life. But will making the ultimate sacrifice be enough to reset the universe?
Director: Andy Muschietti
Writers: Christina Hodson, John Francis Daley, Jonathan Goldstein
Stars: Ezra Miller, Michael Keaton, Sasha Calle


Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom: 2023| PG-13 | 124 min | Action, Adventure, Fantasy | 6.0 rating
Black Manta seeks revenge on Aquaman for his father's death. Wielding the Black Trident's power, he becomes a formidable foe. To defend Atlantis, Aquaman forges an alliance with his imprisoned brother. They must protect the kingdom.
After failing to defeat Aquaman the first time, Black Manta wields the power of the mythic Black Trident to unleash an ancient and malevolent force. Hoping to end his reign of terror, Aquaman forges an unlikely alliance with his brother, Orm, the former king of Atlantis. Setting aside their differences, they join forces to protect their kingdom and save the world from irreversible destruction.
Director: James Wan
Writers: David Leslie, Johnson-McGoldrick, James Wan, Jason Momoa
Stars: Jason Momoa, Patrick Wilson, Yahya Abdul-Mateen II


Wonka: 2023| PG | 116 min | Adventure, Comedy, Family| 7.3 rating
With dreams of opening a shop in a city renowned for its chocolate, a young and poor Willy Wonka discovers that the industry is run by a cartel of greedy chocolatiers.
Based on the extraordinary character at the center of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Roald Dahl’s most iconic children's book and one of the best-selling children's books of all time, "Wonka" tells the wondrous story of how the world's greatest inventor, magician and chocolate-maker became the beloved Willy Wonka we know today.
Director: Paul King
Writers: Simon Farnaby, Paul King, Roald Dahl
Stars: Timothée Chalamet, Gustave Die, Murray McArthur


Blue Beetle: 2023| PG-13 | 127 min | Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi | 6.0 rating
An alien scarab chooses Jaime Reyes to be its symbiotic host, bestowing the recent college graduate with a suit of armor that's capable of extraordinary powers, forever changing his destiny as he becomes the superhero known as Blue Beetle.
Recent college grad Jaime Reyes returns home full of aspirations for his future, only to find that home is not quite as he left it. As he searches to find his purpose in the world, fate intervenes when Jaime unexpectedly finds himself in possession of an ancient relic of alien biotechnology: the Scarab. When the Scarab suddenly chooses Jaime to be its symbiotic host, he is bestowed with an incredible suit of armor capable of extraordinary and unpredictable powers, forever changing his destiny as he becomes the Super Hero BLUE BEETLE.
Director: Angel Manuel Soto
Writer: Gareth Dunnet-Alcocer
Stars: Xolo Maridueña, Bruna Marquezine, Becky G


Elemental: 2023 | PG | 101 min | Action, Adventure, Comedy| 7.0 rating
Follows Ember and Wade, in a city where fire-, water-, earth- and air-residents live together.
Disney and Pixar's "Elemental," an all-new, original feature film set in Element City, where fire-, water-, land- and air-residents live together. The story introduces Ember, a tough, quick-witted and fiery young woman, whose friendship with a fun, sappy, go-with-the-flow guy named Wade challenges her beliefs about the world they live in.
Director: Peter Sohn
Writers: John Hoberg,Kat Likkel, Brenda Hsueh
Stars: Leah Lewis, Mamoudou Athie, Ronnie Del Carmen


Barbie: 2023 | PG-13 | 114 min | Adventure, Comedy, Fantasy | 6.9 rating
Barbie suffers a crisis that leads her to question her world and her existence.
To live in Barbie Land is to be a perfect being in a perfect place. Unless you have a full-on existential crisis. Or you're a Ken.
Director: Greta Gerwig 
Writers: Greta Gerwig, Noah Baumbach
Stars: Margot Robbie, Ryan Gosling, Issa Rae


The Super Mario Bros. Movie: 2023 | PG | 92 min | Animation, Adventure, Comedy | 7.0 rating
A plumber named Mario travels through an underground labyrinth with his brother Luigi, trying to save a captured princess.
Mario and Luigi go on a whirlwind adventure through Mushroom Kingdom, uniting with a cast of familiar characters to defeat Bowser.
Directors: Aaron HorvathMichael JelenicPierre Leduc
Writer: Matthew Fogel
Stars: Chris Pratt, Anya Taylor-Joy, Charlie Day


A Haunting in Venice: 2023 | PG-13 | 103 min | Crime, Drama, Horror | 6.5 rating
In post-World War II Venice, Poirot, now retired and living in his own exile, reluctantly attends a seance. But when one of the guests is murdered, it is up to the former detective to once again uncover the killer.
"A Haunting in Venice" is set in eerie, post-World War II Venice on All Hallows' Eve and is a terrifying mystery featuring the return of the celebrated sleuth, Hercule Poirot. Now retired and living in self-imposed exile in the world's most glamorous city, Poirot reluctantly attends a séance at a decaying, haunted palazzo. When one of the guests is murdered, the detective is thrust into a sinister world of shadows and secrets.
Director: Kenneth Branagh
Writers: Michael Green, Agatha Christie
Stars: Kenneth Branagh, Michelle Yeoh, Jamie Dornan


Ant-Man and the Wasp - Quantumania: 2023 | PG-13 | 124 min | Action, Adventure, Comedy | 6.1 rating 
Scott Lang and Hope Van Dyne are dragged into the Quantum Realm, along with Hope's parents and Scott's daughter Cassie. Together they must find a way to escape, but what secrets is Hope's mother hiding? And who is the mysterious Kang?
Super-Hero partners Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) and Hope van Dyne (Evangeline Lilly) return to continue their adventures as Ant-Man and the Wasp. Together, with Hope's parents Janet van Dyne (Michelle Pfeiffer) and Hank Pym (Michael Douglas), and Scott's daughter Cassie Lang (Kathryn Newton), the family finds themselves exploring the Quantum Realm, interacting with strange new creatures and embarking on an adventure that will push them beyond the limits of what they thought possible.
Director: Peyton Reed
Writers: Jeff Loveness, Stan Lee, Larry Lieber
Stars: Paul Rudd,Evangeline Lilly, Michael Douglas


Expend4bles: 2023 | R | 1h 43m | Action, Adventure, Thriller | 5.0 rating
Armed with every weapon they can get their hands on, the Expendables are the world's last line of defense and the team that gets called when all other options are off the table.
A new generation of stars join the world's top action stars for an adrenaline-fueled adventure in Expend4bles. Reuniting as the team of elite mercenaries, Jason Statham, Dolph Lundgren, Randy Couture, and Sylvester Stallone are joined for the first time by Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson, Megan Fox, Tony Jaa, Iko Uwais, Jacob Scipio, Levy Tran, and Andy Garcia. Armed with every weapon they can get their hands on and the skills to use them, The Expendables are the world's last line of defense and the team that gets called when all other options are off the table. But new team members with new styles and tactics are going to give "new blood" a whole new meaning.
Director: Scott Waugh
Writers: Kurt Wimmer, Tad Daggerhart, Max Adams
Stars: Jason Statham,50 Cent, Megan Fox


The Exorcist - Believer: 2023 | R | 111 min | Horror | 4.8  rating
When two girls disappear into the woods and return three days later with no memory of what happened to them, the father of one girl seeks out Chris MacNeil, who's been forever altered by what happened to her daughter fifty years ago.
Since the death of his pregnant wife in a Haitian earthquake 12 years ago, Victor Fielding (Tony winner and Oscar nominee Leslie Odom, Jr.; One Night in Miami, Hamilton) has raised their daughter, Angela (Lidya Jewett, Good Girls) on his own. But when Angela and her friend Katherine (newcomer Olivia Marcum), disappear in the woods, only to return three days later with no memory of what happened to them, it unleashes a chain of events that will force Victor to confront the nadir of evil and, in his terror and desperation, seek out the only person alive who has witnessed anything like it before: Chris MacNeil.
Director: David Gordon Green
Writers: Peter Sattler, David Gordon Green, Scott Teems
Stars: Lafortune Joseph, Leslie Odom Jr., Gastner Legerme, Tracey Graves


Haunted Mansion: 2023 | PG-13 | 123 min | Comedy, Drama, Family | 6.1 rating
A single mom named Gabbie hires a tour guide, a psychic, a priest and a historian to help exorcise her newly bought mansion after discovering it is inhabited by ghosts.
A woman and her son enlist a motley crew of so-called spiritual experts to help rid their home of supernatural squatters.
Director: Justin Simien 
Writers: Katie Dippolds 
Stars: LaKeith Stanfield, Rosario Dawson, Owen Wilson, Tiffany Haddish

